ev-item: power-anklet
ev-item: power-bracer
ev-item: power-weight
ev-item: power-belt
ev-item: power-band
ev-item: power-lens
ev-item: macho-brace
evo-item: protector
evo-item: shiny-stone
evo-item: sun-stone
evo-item: deep-sea-scale
evo-item: oval-stone
evo-item: electirizer
evo-item: moon-stone
evo-item: ice-stone
evo-item: prism-scale
evo-item: kings-rock
evo-item: razor-fang
evo-item: thunder-stone
evo-item: leaf-stone
evo-item: deep-sea-tooth
evo-item: reaper-cloth
evo-item: dubious-disc
evo-item: magmarizer
evo-item: water-stone
evo-item: metal-coat
evo-item: whipped-dream
evo-item: dusk-stone
evo-item: dragon-scale
evo-item: up-grade
evo-item: razor-claw
evo-item: dawn-stone
evo-item: sachet
evo-item: fire-stone
fossil: helix fossil
fossil: jaw fossil
fossil: dome fossil
fossil: cover fossil
fossil: skull fossil
fossil: armor fossil
fossil: sail fossil
fossil: plume fossil
fossil: claw fossil
fossil: root fossil
hold-item: choice-scarf
hold-item: luminous-moss
hold-item: everstone
hold-item: metronome
hold-item: lagging-tail
hold-item: light-clay
hold-item: burn-drive
hold-item: lucky-punch
hold-item: adamant-orb
hold-item: float-stone
hold-item: bright-powder
hold-item: focus-band
hold-item: chill-drive
hold-item: smoke-ball
hold-item: life-orb
hold-item: ring-target
hold-item: cell-battery
hold-item: wise-glasses
hold-item: snowball
hold-item: shock-drive
hold-item: electric-seed
hold-item: icy-rock
hold-item: red-orb
hold-item: griseous-orb
hold-item: psychic-seed
hold-item: light-ball
hold-item: grip-claw
hold-item: quick-powder
hold-item: choice-specs
hold-item: cleanse-tag
hold-item: hard-stone
hold-item: red-card
hold-item: black-belt
hold-item: kings-rock
hold-item: smooth-rock
hold-item: stick
hold-item: leftovers
hold-item: heat-rock
hold-item: protective-pads
hold-item: muscle-band
hold-item: sticky-barb
hold-item: absorb-bulb
hold-item: binding-band
hold-item: grassy-seed
hold-item: focus-sash
hold-item: twisted-spoon
hold-item: lucky-egg
hold-item: shell-bell
hold-item: charcoal
hold-item: spell-tag
hold-item: weakness-policy
hold-item: wide-lens
hold-item: miracle-seed
hold-item: big-root
hold-item: never-melt-ice
hold-item: adrenaline-orb
hold-item: zoom-lens
hold-item: white-herb
hold-item: black-glasses
hold-item: scope-lens
hold-item: destiny-knot
hold-item: shed-shell
hold-item: flame-orb
hold-item: silver-powder
hold-item: metal-coat
hold-item: assault-vest
hold-item: misty-seed
hold-item: dragon-fang
hold-item: rocky-helmet
hold-item: eviolite
hold-item: expert-belt
hold-item: lustrous-orb
hold-item: eject-button
hold-item: toxic-orb
hold-item: air-balloon
hold-item: iron-ball
hold-item: safety-goggles
hold-item: soul-dew
hold-item: thick-club
hold-item: terrain-extender
hold-item: douse-drive
hold-item: mental-herb
hold-item: quick-claw
hold-item: poison-barb
hold-item: sharp-beak
hold-item: blue-orb
hold-item: magnet
hold-item: choice-band
hold-item: power-herb
hold-item: silk-scarf
hold-item: soft-sand
hold-item: mystic-water
hold-item: black-sludge
hold-item: metal-powder
hold-item: damp-rock
hold-item: amulet-coin
incense: rose incense
incense: sea incense
incense: odd incense
incense: full incense
incense: lax incense
incense: luck incense
incense: pure incense
incense: rock incense
incense: wave incense
other-item: honey
other-item: soothe-bell
other-item: escape-rope
other-item: gold-bottle-cap
other-item: discount-coupon
other-item: poke-doll
other-item: purple-nectar
other-item: yellow-nectar
other-item: super-repel
other-item: poke-toy
other-item: repel
other-item: fluffy-tail
other-item: odd-keystone
other-item: max-repel
other-item: bottle-cap
other-item: red-nectar
other-item: pink-nectar
other-item: heart-scale
other-item: strange-souvenir
medicine: hp-up
medicine: big-malasada
medicine: genius-wing
medicine: old-gateau
medicine: super-potion
medicine: max-revive
medicine: ability-capsule
medicine: calcium
medicine: ice-heal
medicine: paralyze-heal
medicine: sweet-heart
medicine: pp-max
medicine: zinc
medicine: burn-heal
medicine: resist-wing
medicine: berry-juice
medicine: sacred-ash
medicine: lemonade
medicine: revival-herb
medicine: rage-candy-bar
medicine: awakening
medicine: shalour-sable
medicine: heal-powder
medicine: lava-cookie
medicine: elixir
medicine: max-ether
medicine: full-restore
medicine: fresh-water
medicine: clever-wing
medicine: carbos
medicine: energy-powder
medicine: hyper-potion
medicine: casteliacone
medicine: swift-wing
medicine: soda-pop
medicine: health-wing
medicine: antidote
medicine: max-elixir
medicine: pp-up
medicine: rare-candy
medicine: full-heal
medicine: lumiose-galette
medicine: energy-root
medicine: iron
medicine: potion
medicine: max-potion
medicine: ether
medicine: muscle-wing
medicine: revive
medicine: moomoo-milk
medicine: protein
mega-stone: latiosite
mega-stone: pidgeotite
mega-stone: gyaradosite
mega-stone: galladite
mega-stone: blazikenite
mega-stone: steelixite
mega-stone: garchompite
mega-stone: aggronite
mega-stone: mewtwonite-y
mega-stone: audinite
mega-stone: cameruptite
mega-stone: slowbronite
mega-stone: medichamite
mega-stone: mawilite
mega-stone: diancite
mega-stone: charizardite-x
mega-stone: beedrillite
mega-stone: tyranitarite
mega-stone: absolite
mega-stone: manectite
mega-stone: banettite
mega-stone: venusaurite
mega-stone: altarianite
mega-stone: gardevoirite
mega-stone: lopunnite
mega-stone: salamencite
mega-stone: houndoominite
mega-stone: sablenite
mega-stone: charizardite-y
mega-stone: blastoisinite
mega-stone: sceptilite
mega-stone: mewtwonite-x
mega-stone: gengarite
mega-stone: abomasite
mega-stone: lucarionite
mega-stone: pinsirite
mega-stone: heracronite
mega-stone: glalite
mega-stone: swampertite
mega-stone: sharpedonite
mega-stone: kangaskhanite
mega-stone: metagrossite
mega-stone: scizorite
mega-stone: ampharosite
mega-stone: aerodactylite
mega-stone: latiasite
mega-stone: alakazite
pokeball: safari ball
pokeball: luxury ball
pokeball: master ball
pokeball: fast ball
pokeball: nest ball
pokeball: level ball
pokeball: dream ball
pokeball: love ball
pokeball: park ball
pokeball: dive ball
pokeball: great ball
pokeball: moon ball
pokeball: poke ball
pokeball: ultra ball
pokeball: repeat ball
pokeball: lure ball
pokeball: net ball
pokeball: quick ball
pokeball: heavy ball
pokeball: beast ball
pokeball: sport ball
pokeball: premier ball
pokeball: timer ball
pokeball: cherish ball
pokeball: friend ball
valuable-item: rare-bone
valuable-item: star-piece
valuable-item: big-pearl
valuable-item: big-nugget
valuable-item: shoal-salt
valuable-item: pearl
valuable-item: shoal-shell
valuable-item: pretty-wing
valuable-item: comet-shard
valuable-item: big-mushroom
valuable-item: slowpoke-tail
valuable-item: tiny-mushroom
valuable-item: balm-mushroom
valuable-item: stardust
valuable-item: nugget
valuable-item: pearl-string
memory: ice memory
memory: water memory
memory: fire memory
memory: fairy memory
memory: dragon memory
memory: poison memory
memory: dark memory
memory: ghost memory
memory: grass memory
memory: steel memory
memory: flying memory
memory: psychic memory
memory: ground memory
memory: electric memory
memory: rock memory
memory: bug memory
memory: fighting memory
plate: spooky plate
plate: flame plate
plate: zap plate
plate: insect plate
plate: draco plate
plate: mind plate
plate: sky plate
plate: dread plate
plate: fist plate
plate: earth plate
plate: splash plate
plate: iron plate
plate: toxic plate
plate: pixie plate
plate: meadow plate
plate: stone plate
plate: icicle plate